**Conductor**: Alexander Li, student ID 30630711, contactable via alii0024@student.monash.edu
**Date**: 2024 October 1st
# Risk Assessment
# 1 Aim
Trap polystyrene spheres with a range of sizes using an optical tweezer apparatus, and measure the effective spring constant of the optical trap potential, as a function of laser power and depth of the trap in the sample. 
# 2 Background Theory
### Preparatory Questions
# 3 Experimental Logs
### 3.1 Acquaintance with the Setup
### 3.2 Practicing the Procedure
##### 3.2.1 Sample Preparation
- I shook the sample containers well so that the microspheres diffused throughout the solution. 
- I put a new pipette tip on the micropipette unit, immersed in the solution, drew 4$\mu L$, wiping excess liquid on the side of the container, and dispensed the microsphere as a drop on a microscope slide. 
- I placed a thin coverslip over the droplet and observed the droplet flatten and spread to the sides of the slip, taking care not to drop the box of coverslips or cut myself with them. 
- I sealed the sides of the coverslip by painting them over with nail polish, preventing the microsphere solution to evaporate through the sides, causing currents in the liquid that would later interfere with trapping. 
- I put a drop of index matching oil on top of the coverslip, for the objective lens to immerse in so that the laser angle distribution was the correct shape for trapping to be possible. 
##### 3.2.2 Loading the sample into the apparatus
- I made sure the objective lens was rotated away from the sample tray. 
- I placed the microscope slide containing the microsphere sample onto the sample tray and fixed it in place with the arms of the sample tray. 
- I rotated the objective lens back until it was in line with the beam, taking care that the lens would not touch any wet nail polish. 
- I turned on the blue LED to maximum brightness to illuminate the sample. 
- I opened the ThorCam software. 
- I adjusted the vertical position of the sample trap slowly until the microspheres appeared on screen. They were blurry at first but at certain heights they came into focus. When not in focus, they showed up as circular fraunhofer patterns. 
- Some of the microspheres were jiggling in brownian motion. 
- Very occasionally, I observed some small debris in the solution. 
##### 3.2.3 Trapping the spheres
- Before trapping, I had to make sure that the laser beam was centered to the sample. To check this, I turned off the blue LED, adjusted the vertical position of the sample tray until I observed a fraunhofer pattern for the laser. Since the pattern was symmetric, I knew that the laser was incident on the sample with almost no offset angle. 
- I turned the blue LED back on, and adjusted the vertical position of the sample tray until the unmoving spheres were in focus - they were on the bottom of the sample volume. The laser was focused into a dot. 
- I moved the tray horizontally until the laser moved over the sphere, immediately trapping it. The sphere was dragged around by the laser on the floor of the sample volume. 
- I tried to slowly lower the sample tray so that the sphere would be suspended in the middle of the solution by the laser, but this didn't work. The sphere was too attracted to the floor. 
- I moved around horizontally in search for other spheres, and noticed that most spheres were unmoving, stuck to the floor. The floor may had been unclean (I remembered that i left a finger print on it before cleaning it with wipes), causing charge displacement and electrostatic attraction of the spheres. 
- I prepared a new sample with a clean microscope slide and repeated the thus far described procedure. This time, I was able to trap the sphere with the laser. 
- I confirmed that the sphere was trapped by moving the tray vertically and observing that the trapped sphere was still in focus, unlike the rest of the spheres. 
- I also confirmed by sliding the L2 lens, which resulted in the laser trap moving vertically, and observing that the sphere moved in and out of focus while the tray was stationary. 
##### 3.2.4 Observing the frequency spectrum of motion in the potential of the tweezer
- Near the center of the trap, the sphere was in a harmonic potential. Due to the disturbance of particles, the sphere would be driven to move about in this potential. The potential had a specific frequency response that, when observed, would quantitatively verify that the sphere was trapped. The frequency response would be a typical second order response like in an LC circuit. 
- I opened the software that processed the information of the quad-photodiode sensor, producing the position in $x$ and $y$ directions (transverse to the laser beam, in plane of the sample tray), at a rate of 10kHz, and collecting 10k samples, and the gain plot of those signals over frequencies. 
- I observed a shape of the frequency response and saw the bend characteristic to a second order response. However, the low frequency was not flat. This was due to the x and y position not being centered. I adjusted the M6 mirror until the x and y signals were approximately around 0.
- Due to the sensitivity of the tweezer, the tiny vibrations caused by me adjusting the M6 mirror resulted in the sphere falling out of the tweezer. This was actually noticeable on the plots - the frequency response became a straight line. 
- I tweezed another sphere and repeated the M6 alignment. 
- The new frequency plot was much closer to the expected response. 
- I changed the number of samples to 100k, and observed an improvement in the quality of the frequency response.
### 3.3 Exp: Measuring the trap spring constant
- I took a lunch break, and when I returned, all the spheres in the liquid were stuck to the floor. 
- I took a temperature measurement of the room, which was 22 degrees celsius.
- I prepared a new sample, of roughly 10 thou deep (34 lowest - 25 highest), and tweezed a sphere, aligned M6 mirror, set the sample rate to 10kHz, and taking 100k samples. 
- I varied the laser power from 60mA to 110mA in increments of 5mA. For each laser power, I took a snap shot of the frequency response. I wrote the files and exported for later analysis. When the power was reduced to 61mA (the minimum), the sphere fell out due to the weakness of the trap. 
- I repeated this for the 1.24um spheres, with a roughly 10thou deep sample (28 - 18), and tweezed a sphere, aligned M6 mirror, and collected the same data as before. The temperature was 22.4 degrees Celsius. 
- The 1.24um sphere was lost half way through the measurement, so I had to restart. I noticed that the 1.24um sample was dense, and very easy for a second or even third sphere to wander into the trap.
- I prepared a new sample. 1.24um, around 13 thou deep (30 bottom, 17 top). 22.5 degrees. I obtained the frequency response for every 5mA between 65 to 110mA.
### 3.4 Calculating the trapping strength
### 3.5 Exp: Measuring the transverse spring constant at different depths
- With the 1.24um sample still loaded (13 thou deep, 28 bottom 15 top, 22.5 degrees), I turned the laser power to 110mA. 
- For every thou, I turned the vertical knob, adjusted the M6 mirror so the light from the sphere was centered on the 4-pixel photodiode, and saved the frequency responses. 
- I prepared another sample for the 1.99um spheres (10 thou deep, 13 bottom 2 top, 22.3 degrees). 
# 4 Analysis 
# 5 Discussion
# 6 Conclusion
# References
