Category: [[Classical Mechanics]] [[Hamiltonian Mechanics]]
___
Take any function $F$ of $(p, q)$, what is the rate of change over time? 

Write it out, using chain rule, and invoke Hamiltonian's equations. The result is always: 
$$\frac{dF}{dt}=\sum_i
\frac{\partial F}{\partial q_i}
\frac{\partial \mathcal H}{\partial p_i}
-
\frac{\partial F}{\partial p_i}
\frac{\partial \mathcal H}{\partial q_i}:=\left\{F, H\right\}$$
The squiggly brachets is a "Poisson bracket".
Has deep roots in [[Lie Theory]]. 
Of course, sometimes an extra partial time derivative is involved, if the quantity has an explicit dependence on time. 

### Properties
1. Alternativity
$$\{A, A\}=0$$
2. Anti-symmetry
$$\{A,B\}+\{B,A\}=0$$
3. Bilinearity: linear in each of the two argument.
4. Product rule (proof by expanding): 
$$\{AB, C\}=\{A,C\}B+A\{B,C\}$$
5. Jacobi id (proof from Lie algebra, with the adjoint action and product rule expandion!):
$$\{A,\{B, C\}\}+\{B,\{C, A\}\}+\{C,\{A, B\}\}=0$$
### Theorems in Classical Mechanics
1. $$\{q_i,q_i\}=0, \{p_i, p_i\}=0$$
2. $$\{q_i, p_j\}=\delta_{ij}$$
3. $$\{L_x, L_y\}=Lz$$ and all cyclic permutations of the coordinates. 
### Generators
In general, for any conserved quantity $G$ that is a function of the phase space coords, (like angular momentum or linear momentum), 
$$\{F,G\}=\frac{dF}{ds}$$
where $s$ is the parameter associated with the continuous symmetry transformation that led to the conserved quantity $G$. e.g. $\{x, p_x\}=1$, $\{x,L_z\}=-y$, $\{p_x, L_z\}=-p_y$

The poisson equation of motion $dF/dt=\{F, H\}$ is a special case of this. 

Here, the conserved quantity is a **generator**, for the transformation parameterised by $s$. 

Noether's theorem [[5 Noether's Theorem - Symmetries of the Lagrangian]] can be shown here much simpler: 
$$\{G,H\}=0\implies\{H,G\}=0$$
The left equation says that $G$ is a conserved quantity. The right equation says that the symmetry generated by $G$ leaves the Hamiltonian invariant. 

See [[Lie Groups, Lie Algebra, Lie Theory]] for simple intuition. 

