Tags: [[Speculation]] [[5 Polarisation of EM Waves]] [[Stern-Gerlach Experiment]]
___
There are clues for a fully transparent vision for the nature of spin, action and elementary particles, with hopes to shed light on deeper physical theories
## History
The most important phenomenon in this universe is change. Lie theory is a mathematical study about the geometry of change. In it, there are changes - along whatever configuration dimension - and generators - the source of infinitesimal amounts of those changes. They are called canonically conjugate variables. 

Centuries of physics combined with insights from lie theory reveal that momentum is the generator for position movement, energy is the generator for time passage, which is neatly united in relativity that 4-momentum is the generator for passage through space-time (measured against the proper time of the frame). Additionally, angular momentum is the generator for rotation. 

At the turn of 20th century physics, Planck, Einstein, and De Broglie gave two major developments - light quantisation and matter waves. This revealed that frequency is proportional to energy, and spatial frequency is proportional to momentum. The constant of proportionality is $h$. This sealed the deal that the dimension pairs of momentum and space, energy and time, are in fact scaled versions of spatial frequency and space, and temporal frequency and time. They all have a reciprocal relationship.

Thanks to mathematics developed by Fourier, we know that these reciprocal dimensions must be related with a fourier transform [[Fourier Transform and Frequency Domain]]. Distributions along these reciprocal dimensions can thus be proven to have their standard width multiply to $1/4\pi$. Thus the scaled versions multiply to $h/4\pi$. So a wave-like object in position and momentum space, has its standard width multiply to $h/4\pi$, as do angular momentum and angle, and energy and time. 
## Postulate
Action is a measure of configuration change. Action is measured in units defined as one revolution of a spin-1 particle. The unit action has the value $h$ in SI units. The action mass of a system is the amount of action required to perform one full closed-loop evolution in configuration space. The total action grows forever, revolution by revolution, so action is not conserved over time. A spin-1 particle has an action mass of $h$. In natural units this is 1. 

The generator variables are the action rates along each configuration dimension - how much action is done per unit of change along that dimension. Angular momentum is the action rate over angles of rotation. Momentum is the action rate over space, energy is the action rate over time. While action grows indefinitely, action rate is conserved. 

Postulate **the discrete action principle - that all fundamental particles have a unit action mass; the $c$-faring ones among them carry a unit action rate; the stationary ones among them carry half a unit action rate. The action rate corresponds to how many degrees of rotational freedom the particle has; for degree $n$, they have an action rate of $1/n$.**

Photons, being spin-1, always have a unit action rate. Every full rotation, they perform 1 action. And when they get absorbed by an electron, the unit action rate is absorbed into the electron. Does the action mass get absorbed too?

All fundamental particles have 1 action mass unit. Their closed loop evolution through configuration space constitute the smallest actions that can be accomplished. However, spin-1/2 particles have an angular momentum of half that of photons,. This means that their angular action rate is half. To perform a full action - to evolve a full closed loop in configuration space - they must rotate twice. Is it the half angular momentum that causes the double rotation requirement following the unit action principle? Or is it the other way around? I assume it's the other way around - the internal make up of the particle dictates that 2 spatial rotations constitutes 1 completion of its configuration loop. And that in turn forces the spatial angular momentum to be 1/2. As with the case of polarisation, it requires 2 phased orthogonal degrees of rotational freedom to capture the algebra of this phenomenon, so i will speculate on that in the future - maybe spin 1/2 particles are made of 2 orthogonal spinning components, or by virtue of being something that spins in 3D space. Perhaps when the photon is absorbed, the structure becomes unstable and would result in spontaneous decay much like in the nuclear alpha decay process. 

The uncertainty principle must hold in all frames, including the frame centered at the particle. In the case of full determination of its location, it must have an undefined momentum. However, they must multiply to $\hbar/2$. This is their intrinsic angular momentum. Intrinsic spin arises inevitably out of preserving the uncertainty relationship during lorentz transformations - when you try to squash a distributed entity into an infinitesimal location, it must spin. 

A consequence of this is that different systems with different angular momentum should exhibit a different uncertainty relationship. This is of course always larger than $\hbar/2$, so no equation is being disproven here, but it may provide an exact form of the equation instead of the inequality. In fact, photons should have an uncertainty relationship that takes the form $\Delta x\Delta p=\hbar$! Try this with fourier transform. 

Stationary particles follow spinor algebra and are rotated by a unitary matrix. Macroscopic systems also follow spinor algebra and must too be a giant spinor that rotates in configuration space, by unitary matrices. But spinors do not form a vector space; the linear combination of individual spinors can only be thought of as simply the set of them. This may just be that a collection of spinors' configuration evolution is no longer a simple spatial rotation. But they still evolve in configuration space as such. Is this a source of non-locality? 

Possible explanation of collapse: macroscopic systems, if have an integer action rate, must behave like bosons - they can lay over one another like a ghostly superposition. Upon measurement, through whatever mechanism, a half integer action rate is imparted, and the system becomes like a fermion, thus rapidly separate from one another due to degeneracy pressure. This separation is into an unperceivable dimension and provides many worlds interpretation.