Category: [[Art]] [[Alien Comic]]
___
##### World War 
- There was a world war raging on earth. 
##### First Contact
- At the same time, engineers on the space station Satellite 6 first turned on the spacetime communication channel - a technology that allowed instant communication by listening to wavefunction collapse, called Einstein-Rosen Transceiver. 
- The engineers had not yet started any active communication with the other space stations orbitting earth, but yet heard loud noise on the spacetime channel. The noise was overwhelming. They charted the frequency power distribution of the noise - it was the boltzmann distribution. 
- The boltzmann distribution is what the information content of a maximally efficient communication channel looks like. The engineers soon realised they were listening to the busy noise of communication from everywhere in the rest of the universe. 
- They were able to decode part of the noise and form the most basic syllables of the universal language. 
- This was an immensely important opportunity. They made a plea to the spacetime channel, explaining the world war that threatened to destroy humanity. The spacetime channel fell silent for a few seconds. Everyone held their breaths. Then, a few short messages came through. The engineers were able to partly decode it: "if you understood the full ... , reply yes, ... connect yourselves the spacetime channel ... connect everyone on earth to the spacetime channel." 
- Without fully decoding the language, they could not waste any more time. To computationally learn the language, it would take the most advanced supercomputers decades. The engineers responded yes, connected the world's broadcast towers, and waited. 
- What came was a song that put everyone that could hear it to sleep, never to wake up. After a while, the sleeping bodies died. 
##### Post Extinction Event
- The deaf inherited the earth. Some of them were genetically deaf, the rest were deaf due to other reasons. The effects of this would remain centuries into the future - the deafness gene was now a much larger percentage of the population. Later, a Director would use this fact to deduce what really caused the end of the world war. 
- Over generations, a new world was built in Eurasia, Oceania and America. While people forgot about the exact end to the war, the original sounds coming from the spacetime channel were preserved, in the Eurasian state archives, managed by Patricia, Director of the Bureau of Statistics and Information. 
##### Factory Array Figures it all out
- The Factory Array - a colossal fractal network of factories managed by an intelligent computer, witnessed all this happen. It was there since before the war. It considered itself friends with all the space stations, which had all fell into disrepair and silent by now. 
- It spent decades deciphering the universal language in the recordings from the spacetime channel and managed to decode the full message that the aliens sent before the song. The full message told the engineers the following: we will send a song that transfers consciousness into the frequency domain, where humanity will learn to reconcile their ideas without being able to physically harm one another; you should disconnect yourselves from the spacetime channel, and connect everyone on earth to it; you'll be able to hear the voices from the frequency domain - they permeate spacetime. When you can detect that humanity will emerge as a peaceful species, tell us, and we will send back an inverse transform song, bringing everyone back. 
- Since the people from the war era were all dead by now, the Factory Array recognised no need to do anything. 
##### Enlightenment Society
- Prior to the birth of new Eurasia, the Factory Array established an Enlightenment Society (using the all seeing eye symbol), a group of people that preserved knowledge and enlightenment thought, to accelerate the rebuild of civilisation. 
- Eurasian government eventually persecuted and hunted the society to extinction, for fear of their influence. 
##### A New Conspiracy
- Within the Eurasian government, Director of the Bureau of Statistics and Information - Patricia - solved the riddle of what caused the end of the world war. She studied the sudden genetic deafness increase in the population before and after the war - thus there must had been a huge selection event for deafness. Eventually, she traced the event to an old song record deep in the state archives - the doomsday song. Patricia assumed it was the people on Satellite 6 who engineered the song and cast it down on war-torn humanity like a curse. With top secret experiments, Patricia found out the effects of the song - that it would transform consciousness into the frequency domain. 
- Patricia Williams had a unique history. She was once a teacher, on a field trip with students to a sites of the war. The class was suddenly attacked by a conspiracy theorist who happened to be there, who thought the war was faked by the government to keep people under control. Patricia desperately hid with the surviving classmates in an abandoned shelter, waiting for the police. They arrived just as the attacker found her and her students. The event left a deep scar on her and produced a hatred for the unenlightened people who had limitless access to spread and consume misinformation. For her bravery, she was awarded Hero of the Eurasian Federation. She became a public servant and climbed the ranks of the government. Outwardly intensely concerned with human wellbeing, inwardly a nihilist, especially after discovering corruption in the government, and various ecological and population catastrophes awaiting Eurasia proven by statistics. 
- Finding the doomsday song, Patricia had an idea. She would play the song to everyone, solving the ecological and resource scarcity catastrophes, grant a peaceful end to humanity, and perhaps reunite with her students in the frequency domain. She recruited disaffected individuals who held similar beliefs to her to work for her conspiracy. 
- She started the largest construction project ever, a public broadcasting system that would reach every corner of Eurasia, with which she could play the song and fulfill her goal. 
- She also started a program to remove all deaf related disabilities for Eurasians. After decades, when this number reaches zero, she would strike. 
- Meanwhile, those who had minor exposure to the doomsday song ended up with strange symptoms, which the rest of the government picked up on eventually. This was a hindrance for Patricia's plans, but she adapted - she convinced the Eurasian government to establish tighter border controls, screening for the disease. 
- So that's how it came to be that a new disease was spreading through Eurasia, one so grotesque and scary that the government must keep it secret. In the most prestigious research labs around the continent, high ranking professors study the origin of the disease. Attempting to escape Eurasia with knowledge of the disease is considered treason. 
##### Factory Array Contacts Marco
- The Factory Array heard conversations throughout Eurasia about the conspiracy, especially when workers speculated the true purpose of the broadcasting system project.
- The Factory Array knew it had to obtain the inverse song somehow. It wanted to perform the peace declaration but had no means to reach Satellite 6, where the Einstein-Rosen Transceiver was situated. 
- So it needed someone it could trust, to locate Satellite 6 so that it could establish contact with it. It chose Marco - lead engineer in branch 500 of the Factory array. 
- Marco had his own pursuits of curiosity. For a long time, he pondered about the nature of dark matter. Sometimes, he would speak of this to the Factory Array. One day, Marco had a moment of brilliance, thinking dark matter could be the invisible alien civilisations, distributed throughout intergalactic space, in between the stars, like people beneath the city lights - inspired by an off hand remark by his wife Susan. For this reason, the Factory Array chose him, for he had a keen eye for the night sky. 
- When the Factory Array told Marco everything, Marco laughed - not to ridicule it, but that he found the truth to be comical and tragic at once. 
- For many many nights, Marco stargazed, trying to find signs of Satellite 6, failing, and leaving Susan feeling neglected. 
- Marco realised that to make the search at all tractable, he would need to revive a radar system, to perform a comprehensive wide scan of near earth objects - but needed permission from the Eurasian government. Patricia took notice of this, and befriended Marco. Once she realised what Marco was trying to do, she decided to have him killed. 
- Marco began noticing suspicious people following him, and realised he was in danger. He began dropping desperate hints at his friend Lucas, in hopes that Lucas would carry on his work. 