Category: [[Art]] [[Alien Comic]]
___
##### Marco's Death, Lucas Investigates (START OF STORY)
- Marco goes to the radar one day, and dies in an explosion. 
- Lucas - a public servant at the Department of Abnormal Phenomena, friend of Marco in university - investigates. His initial conversations with a cryptic Factory Array sends him on a long journey to find out what happened to Marco, and in following Marco's footsteps, learning about the truth of the world. At the same time, he must avoid his boss - the elusive Director of the DAP - because no one in the government could be trusted. 
##### Patricia Manipulates Lucas
- Patricia was near the accident and followed Lucas along with the secret police, but to her astonishment, she internally realised he was one of the students she protected all those years ago. She grabs Lucas away from the secret police, introducing herself. Lucas does not recognise her. 
- Nevertheless, she absorbs Lucas into her plans - tricking him into creating more broadcast towers, pretending that was Marco's project which got him killed, and that she is on his side. She claims she is part of the enlightenment society along with Marco, and that's why they are being hunted by the government. 
- Furthermore, Patricia explains that a random Director was chosen to be the command of the secret police, and it may well be Lucas' boss. They plot to frame Lucas' boss with evidence that the boss was affiliated with the enlightenment society. 
- As foreshadowing in the future, Patricia tells Lucas that if he is ever captured and questioned, Patricia will come and take him away. When asked how she has the power to do that, she explains that being the director of statistics means she is tasked with a special job - of erasing people from existence. To the rest of the government, she is getting rid of people, but she secretly gives them a new life. 
##### Susan Researches a Strange Disease
- Meanwhile, Susan, now widowed, struggles to find happiness. She moves away but continues her research on patients who present with odd symptoms (malformed heads, dissociation) - they in fact are people exposed to a small part of the doomsday song, but Susan won't learn this till much later. 
- Lucas and Susan's paths converge, and they together deduce that it is exposure to a particular song that causes the disease spreading through Eurasia. Lucas plans to release the information according to Patricia's plans - broadcasting over the speakers. Susan learns that Lucas is part of the enlightenment society and breaks down because she is haunted by Marco doing the same thing and getting killed. They argue, and make up, and Susan agrees with the plan, but only after they flee Eurasia. 
- Lucas informs Patricia, Susan informs her supervisor. Patricia dissuades Lucas, saying fleeing is too dangerous/obvious, and it's better to stay in Eurasia. Patricia promises to give Susan a new identity and life, manipulate the statistics she is in control over, but Lucas will never see her again. Lucas decides against it. 
- Patricia now knows Susan knows about the song, so must kill her; she is also paranoid that Susan may know how to stop her plans, being the wife of Marco. She won't kill Lucas though, because he was her precious student. Patricia informs the secret police that Susan and Lucas are trying to escape Eurasia, and may carry information about the disease - the secret police go after them. 
- Lucas and Susan try to flee Eurasia - Susan prepares footage such that her workplace sees her working from home when she actually is on the train with Lucas. Before leaving, Lucas does some final precautions in the case that they get caught. 
- By the time they reach the edge of Eurasia, the secret police captures them. 
##### Patricia kills Susan
- Lucas and Susan are interrogated by the secret police on what they know and what they plan to do after leaving Eurasia, with part of the Eurasian Nucleus in the background. Lucas looks for Patricia to take them away and save them. 
- The directors, sitting at the top, decide they have heard enough, and it's time to make Lucas and Susan disappear - especially Susan, to make an example to her colleagues. Patricia comes with some armed soldiers to take Lucas and Susan away. But Lucas' boss, Director Alma Green of the DAP, asks to question Lucas on her own. 
- Lucas is relieved Susan will be taken care of by Patricia. 
- On his own, Lucas executes the plan he set in motion much earlier to frame Alma as an Enlightenment Society mole in the government. This de-legitimises the evidences against him. 
- In a secret room, Patricia tells Susan not to worry. However, she prepares to kill Susan. Patricia hints that Susan being the wife of Marco may know something fatal to her plans. Susan promises she doesn't, but Patricia doesn't believe her - no important secrets can exist between husband and wife. 
- Lucas successfully leaves the interrogation and goes to Patricia's house. This is where Patricia reveals that she is the mastermind all along. She has just finished playing the doomsday song to Susan. Patricia explains her entire plan and offers Lucas to join her. She also tells Lucas to give up, which would make the pain stop. Lucas refuses, so Patricia can't let him go. For strange reasons, she is not intent on killing him. Patricia erases Lucas from existence. She hands Alma a resignation letter from Lucas. She moves Lucas to a new city in Eurasia, under house arrest. 
- Lucas proposes to bury Susan somewhere, which Patricia allows. 2 soldiers accompany Lucas to the cryo chambers where he puts Susan. 
##### World Ending
- Lucas seems dysfunctional in the new city. All he does is sit at the windows, looking at the sky. Suddenly, Lucas sees a star blink. He suddenly realises what it was. When looking down at the streets, and people's shadows phasing in and out of the street lights, and hearing the guards say "you can't trust your eyes. Even if you can't see them, there are probably people hiding in between the light." This makes Lucas realise Marco's ultimate secret, that dark matter is alien civilisations. He then deduces that the boltzmann noise from the spacetime channel is alien communications. He knows Factory Array wants to know where Satellite 6 is. The blinking star is the daily transit of Satellite 6. 
- Alma and others at the DAP begin investigating Lucas' sudden resignation. They eventually discover Patricia's activities. 
- The Factory Array sees everything, and sends drones to Lucas' apartment window, shot down by the soldiers guarding Lucas. 
- Someone tries to signal to Lucas. They manage to establish comms. Lucas tells them to go mass produce ear plugs, and hand it to people. 
- The person gets caught by Patricia, who brings the person to Lucas, killing the person in front of him with the doomsday song, demonstrating that even ear plugs won't protect people. Patricia tells Lucas to give up. 
- **But the ear plugs are a distraction. Lucas instead somehow managed to deliver to the Factory Array the angular coordinates of Satellite 6.** 
- Just as Alma and DAP gang comes for Lucas, Patricia tells the conspiracy members to play the song, and everyone was put to sleep. 
##### Frequency Domain
- Patricia reunite with students, Lucas realises she was his teacher all those years ago. Explains to her that her plan will fail. She breaks down. 
- Susan meets Marco. Talk about being alive and her memories with Lucas are from the future. 
- Song comes back, FA plays, Lucas finds Susan, she wakes up. They walk into the city lights. 