Category: [[Art]] [[Alien Comic]]
___
### Synopsis
There are no Aliens in Eurasia, Chapter 1 - Abductions. 

Several people claimed to be abducted in Vyshkanov. Anya, the jeweller in her 50s, woke up in the forest and saw something beautiful. Elena in her 30s, woke up in the forest with her father, who later ran off and went missing. Viktor also woke up in the forest. Everyone has burns on their hands. The Alien Research Society of Eurasia, ARSE, sends 3 members - Tim, Carin, Emmet to investigate. Anya calls Lucas Yang from the Eurasian Bureau of Anomalies to come investigate as well. Lucas makes fools out of the ARSE members' clumsy interviews of the abductees, and urges them to go search for Elena's father first. 

They go into the forest, bumping into the old gardener Kolya, who says pyramid symbols have appeared on the trees recently. They follow them, until they find Elena's father's dead body. The back half of his head is missing - smashed into pulp. His hands were also missing. Lucas asks Emmet to take photos of the crime scene including pictures of the vegetation around. Lucas checks Elena's burns on her hands. She's wearing an Aluminium ring. Elena remembers to Lucas that she saw Kolya on the night of her abduction. 

Lucas sends ARSE members to interview Kolya, which goes terribly. At the end, Emmet asks Kolya what the vegetation in the photos are, and Kolya says it's wild parsnip. Lucas visits Anya's shop and inquires about the Aluminium ring, and Anya's new rings made of North Eurasian blue quartz. Anya confides that she only pretended to be abducted to garner attention, and the real reason she called Lucas to this town was to show him something beautiful she saw deep in the forest. They agree to meet at dusk. Lucas and ARSE reunites at the community center, where a conspiracy theorist is talking about the Illuminati. Lucas learns from Emmet about the parsnip and realises something. He steps out to ask for drone surveillance data from the Department of Information and Statistics - who went in and out of the forest in the past month? ARSE members are not pleased and decide to take matters into their own hands and stake out at Kolya's house to see if he does suspicious things at night or goes to the forest. 

Elena and Viktor look at the sunset. Elena breaks down, thinking everything is over and the town is not safe anymore - nowhere is safe anymore because "they" have eyes everywhere. Viktor embraces Elena, saying they're still who they were, and they shouldn't lose themselves. Lucas happens upon them and asks about her father. He was a harsh man. Lucas goes and meets Anya, who shows him a large beautiful crater, made of a blue gemstone. She wants to sell this to the government. She explains how when she was young, mysterious people - scientists, probably - would come and go into the forest. When they saw her, they seemed kind, and would often hand her little blue gemstones. Lucas realises something about the gemstones. Meanwhile, ARSE members see Kolya walk into the forest like a zombie, with his gardening tool. Emmet and Carin follows while Tim gathers everyone from the community center. They arrive at the forest, not far from Lucas and Anya. The two hear the commotion and approaches the crowd. They are all staring at Koyla in the distance, unmoving. Lucas reveals that Kolya is a sleep walker, with a dramatic tug. And begins deducing the real killer of Elena's father. 

Firstly, the burns. Those are caused by contact with wild parsnip. Second, the murder weapon. Lucas asks Emmet to show everyone the picture of the corpse. The back of the exposed skull glitters. Those are tiny fragments of the murder weapon - a large chunk of a blue gemstone. Lucas tells everyone about the gemstone deposit nearby. Carin immediately thinks Anya was the killer. Carin thinks Anya could have turned the gemstone into jewellery later, so that no one could find the murder weapon. Lucas proves Anya must be innocent, because the burns on her hands had healed the day after the body was found. Since the burn takes a week to heal, Anya must've last visited the crime scene a few days BEFORE the crime happened. But she was indeed given the murder weapon after the crime and turned into jewellery. The person who gave her it was Viktor, who knew about the deposit, and carved symbols into the trees for navigation - the symbols matched his height. Viktor and Elena are also lovers, who secretly go into the forest to meet. At this point, Viktor jumps out of the crowd and confesses to the killing, explaining how he saw the father was abusing Elena. And that night, the father followed Elena into the forest and started strangling Viktor. Viktor killed the father with the gemstone chunk, with Elena watching in horror. He then moved the body away. Lucas sighs, but drops the final bombshell - Viktor could not have been the killer either, despite his moving story. Because: Elena's father was twice his weight, riding on top of him, strangling the life out of him. The killing blow came from behind. Lucas turns to Elena and explains the most important clue - when he first checked out Elena's hand, he felt that the palm side of her ring was jagged. Aluminium is soft, and would give way to any harder material that strikes it. Lucas asks Elena to show everyone her ring - the tiny blue crystals that must've lodged into her ring, when she struck her father with all her might. Viktor was furious and begs to Lucas that he is the killer and leave Elena out of this. Elena tells Viktor to stop. She says how in the moment she killed her father, for the first time in her life, she was able to fight for something she loved and give it her all. They embrace. 

The next day, Lucas walks down the roads of Vyshkanov. ARSE handed him a letter inviting him to join their "esteemed" society. Lucas tosses it into the trash. He visits Anya and buys a necklace. She laments how the town is getting emptier. She would never know what those scientists did at the forest. Lucas explains that actually, the gemstone is rocket fuel residue. Layers upon layers, silicates melted and compressed, blasted over and over - they were studying rocket propulsion. This revelation moves Anya very much. She asks Lucas if he thinks they were good people. Lucas doesn't answer, and leaves the town after thanking her for the necklace. 

