Category: [[Lie Theory]] 
___
### Manifold View
A lie group is a group that can be represented with a manifold. 

A lie algebra is the tangent space to the identity of the lie group manifold. 

Elements in the lie algebra can be mapped to elements in the lie group by the exponential map, and the logarithm map in reverse (thanks to infinitesimal compound interest formula intuition). 
### Vector Field View
But elements in the lie algebra can also be represented with vector fields, each element corresponding to one vector field. Exponentiating with this vector field results in the corresponding lie group action. Thus lie group members are often represented with matrices, same as lie algebra elements. Lie group = matrix transformations, lie algebra = vector fields. 

The vector field, the element in the lie algebra, is called the generator. 
### Lie Bracket
The lie bracket $[A, B]$ captures the following information: how does $A$ change as a result of the infinitesimal transformation generated by $B$? This is also written as the adjoint action: $ad_B(A)$. From this definition, and using the exponential map, it's easy to derive that $[A, B]=AB-BA$. 

This is the origin of the interpretation of generators in Poisson brackets. [[2 Poisson Brackets]]
### From Algebra to Group (only valid in the region somewhat close to identity)
The Baker-Campbell-Hausdorff (BCH) formula relates the group action of 2 generators, to the generator that would've generated the 2 group actions together. 
$$e^Ae^B=e^{A+B+\frac{[A,B]}{2}+...}$$
Not guaranteed to converge when far from identity. 

Proof? Sort of a taylor expansion. 
